hey guys I'm back I know it's been a
while
I lost talk to you on day five and it's
now day eight um so a lot has happened
since day five it's been a Valentine's
Day weekend and let me tell you it has
been very hard for me because
Valentine's Day is all about chocolates
and sweets and the sugar cookies and
cupcakes and they're all pink and white
with pink and red heart-shaped sprinkles
and it just looks so good and and it's
been very difficult as a new I have a
sweet tooth and I think you might have
noticed I've got a comment on my wall
that I that I kind of got tired away on
Saturday so let me tell you about that I
basically went to my in-laws and my
hasn't stopped there to talk to his dad
and dad's making homemade pizza and it
was made from scratch he was making you
know the entire thing from scratch and I
was like okay we need to get out of here
we need to get out of here before that
pizza gets out of the oven because I
will have a very hard time resisting the
pizza so then my husband decides to take
a nap I'm like oh great
and I feel bad I know he's tired and he
doesn't get to tweak that much so I let
him sleep and then I noticed that the
pizza was about to come out so as I
agree I need to wait my husband
speaking leave you know before this
pizza comes out and smells just like you
know I think you guys hard to resist so
I just try to wake him up and she's like
no let me sleep a little longer and I
was like oh great
fine like you can and I was telling my
friend about this it's also on the South
Beach Diet and she was cracking me up
because she was like oh no karbala
karbala
and anyway that made me funny I think
that made me laugh so anyway so Melissa
said he kept sleeping and the pizza came
out and sure enough it filled the room
with it's amazing aromas and I thought
it would hurt to take you notices small
bite and as we can imagine it was pretty
much downhill from there I ended up
having two pieces of pizza and I you
know I'm so ashamed to tell you this
because I know you guys are counting on
me some of you guys are on diets and and
I want to set a good example and Here I
am cheating and having pizza so I feel
really awful but yeah I had two slices
of pizza and then there were the sugar
cookies that were sitting right next to
the pizza with pink frosting and the
heart-shaped sprinkles they was so cute
and I was like oh I'll just have one
bite of a cookie which turned into an
entire cookie so anyway um so that was
my little splurge that night so that's
talking to you talking about on my wall
and the following day I weighed myself I
know I promised I'd make a video
yesterday but the reason I did not make
a video
is because to my horror when I go to
scale on Sunday which was yesterday I
made no really I'm embarrassed to say
this that I weighed one 28.8 just really
bad invested in a half pound weight
gained all that work that has gone in
for entire week of doing this diet I
have gained half of it back in just a
nice and so I was just like how am I
going to make a video and tell everyone
that I gained all this weight I just
felt really bad so that day i yesterday
i well first of all i talked to my
sister a lot about it and she is kind of
a health freak and must work out she was
very knowledgeable about nutrition and
weight loss and i was talking about it
she was like you know um a lot of things
that was two and a half pounds of fat
because you only had a few slices of
pizza and when I thought about it I
thought she's right there's only I mean
there's 3,000 calories in a pound so in
order to gain two and a half pounds I
would have had to consume 9,000 calories
and I know there weren't nine thousand
calories those cookies in the cookie so
she was like what it probably is is
water weight your water is your father's
probably just holding on to the water
that you're drinking because of all the
salt that you had in the pizza and that
makes sense so what I deal in Sunday was
I continue to drink lots of water
always drink a lot of water about 10 to
12 glasses a day but I basically made it
a point to not have any salt all day
long so I usually put salt on my
scrambled
no salt my scrambled eggs I watched
everything like I made everything I ate
and I made sure there was no salt on it
and so anyway I weighed myself this
morning and as a result she was right I
think it was the water weeks after
having no salt yesterday this morning I
waited 1:27 and I know that's not as low
as what I weighed on Saturday when I
weigh 20 6.4 but I pretty much lost two
pounds from yesterday to today so I'm
happy and they're almost back on track I
waited 127 on day 4 so I'm just really
going to work my butt off today and try
to get back on track and hopefully some
I can lose I hope it was another 2
pounds from 2h tomorrow and I'm dead
because I'm gonna spend a lot of time at
the gym and that way I'll be back on
track and it would be is if I never had
that little slip-up so so anyway that is
my update for today and I also made 2
videos to make up to the fact that I did
not make videos last two days and I in
making one video today about everything
that I'm going to eat today it would be
an example of what you can eat on the
South Beach diet and actually today's a
good day stand being extra careful with
what I eat because I do want to lose 2
pounds so today is a good example of the
very strict
day on the South Beach diet up sometimes
a
bit more lenient and if you want to make
you know video one of those days but so
today is definitely going to be a strict
soft Beach Diet phase one video that I'm
going to make and then in addition to
that I went grocery shopping and I'm
also going to be making or putting up
that video of basically grocery shopping
for the South Beach Diet phase one and
hope you guys enjoy those and I will
check in with you tomorrow